API: rename draw_no_output to draw_without_rendering (#20931)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/fig_draw_without_rendering.rst

Figure now has ``draw_without_rendering`` method
------------------------------------------------

> Rarely, the user will want to trigger a draw without rendering to either the
> screen or a file.  This is useful for determining the final position of artists
> on the figure that require a draw, like text artists, or resolve deferred
> computation like automatic data limits.  This can be done by
> ``fig.canvas.draw()``, which forces a full draw and rendering, however this has
> side effects, sometimes requires an open file, and is doing more work than is
> needed.  The `.Figure.draw_without_rendering` method is provided to run the
> code in Matplotlib that updates values that are computed at draw-time and get
> accurate dimensions of the Artists more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some aspects of a figure are only determined at draw-time, such as the exact
position of text artists or deferred computation like automatic data limits.
If you need these values, you can use ``figure.canvas.draw()`` to force a full
draw. However, this has side effects, sometimes requires an open file, and is
doing more work than is needed.

The new `.Figure.draw_without_rendering` method runs all the updates that
``draw()`` does, but skips rendering the figure. It's thus more efficient if you
need the updated values to configure further aspects of the figure.
```

Figure now has draw_without_rendering method
--------------------------------------------

> Rarely, the user will want to trigger a draw without making output to

Reviewer 2: "Draw without making output" was meant to mirror the name of the method, so maybe change to the more jargon-y "draw without rendering"?

Author: Made this and a couple other changes.
